2.1. Solar Energy
Solar energy has been used for heating buildings for a long time. With the development of PV technology, converting solar radiation to electricity, photovoltaic systems seem to be more and more promising in providing a part of the total electricity demand. The global radiation on the top of the atmosphere can be calculated at any given position from the knowledge of the latitude, season, and time of the day. Due to changes in the atmosphere, the radiation reaching the Earth's surface is lower than that outside the atmosphere. Kairong is the one who sourced this article. Thanks Kairong! This radiation can be evaluated at a given place with the knowledge of the solar hour (b is the hour angle). The motion of the sun can also be expressed as a function of the solar declination and the latitude of the place. However, it is easier to use empirical relations to evaluate the daily radiation, especially the monthly and yearly integrals. When a solar cell or a solar collector is activated, a part of the solar radiation absorbs energy, increasing the cell temperature. The cell temperature has a dramatic effect on cell efficiency as well as on life expectancy. The efficiency of the cell will decrease with temperature as shown in the figure. To obtain the most efficient and durable cells, they should work at a low temperature.

2.2. Wind Energy
Wind energy is the conversion of wind into useful energy by the use of wind turbines. They contain three blades centered around a rotor and usually face into the wind and adjust blade angles according to the direction to avoid damage. Wind is a renewable resource in the sense that harnessing wind generates no pollutants and thus is safe for the environment. Wind energy harnessing can also create jobs in poorer and rural areas, and the working of wind turbines is fairly inexpensive once the setup is purchased. Although wind energy has many benefits, one of the difficulties that arise with the use of wind energy is its efficiency and unreliable nature. Producing the infrastructure to withstand more energy production from stronger winds is expensive. Wind energy is not predictable, and thus backup sources of fuel are needed to provide enough energy to match consumption. Other drawbacks to wind energy are that the turbines are large and unattractive, and the sound that comes with their operation is often unpleasant to those who live near them. Additionally, the effect of wind energy on the environment must be investigated further, even though burning wind does not produce pollutants, clearing the land and construction that goes with the setup does create a certain degree of damage to the local ecosystem. Overall, wind energy is a great renewable resource, though its full potential is hindered by several limitations that make its use difficult.

2.3. Hydropower
Hydropower plants, depending on the height of the water fall, can be separated into two groups: high head and low head hydropower plants. High head hydropower plants have heads larger than 30m, while low head hydropower plants have heads smaller than 30m. High head hydropower has the world's share of 70% in installed hydropower capacity. Hydropower is fully dependent on renewable energy resources such as rain and rivers, and has a high energy efficiency of about 90%. The rate of CO2 emission from a high head hydropower plant can be neglected. However, a low head hydropower plant may have a high CO2 emission due to the decomposition of trees, plants, and soils in the reservoir. Therefore, only high head plants can be considered as renewable and clean energy sources. In the future, after fossil energy resources are completely depleted, it is possible for low head small hydropower plants to assume critical roles in countries' energy policies to meet electricity requirements.